Doctor, how is my mother?
The patient's head wound is relatively abundant
But with a minor concussion
You need to observe in Liuyuan for a few days
When will he wake up?
You have to be mentally prepared for this
mental preparation
What do you mean?
When we do a full body examination of a patient
He was found to have mid-stage stomach cancer
stomach cancer
Don't be in a hurry
metaphase gastric cancer
It can be cured with surgery and chemotherapy
The success rate is very high.
But you have to prepare in advance for the cost.
How much will this cost?
This has to pass
The effect after surgery is judged
Around 150,000
150,000
I'll go first then.
Thank you, doctor.
Liu Qing, what's the matter with you?
I kindly asked you to come to work in the hotel
You're going to cause me trouble
Cousin, I didn't expect it either.
Yiyi, he dared to contradict Young Master Su
He is dead
As for Master Su's temper
Absolutely impossible to disturb him
Cousin, I have a question
Master Su asked them to drink
Don't drink
Master Su only scolded him a few words
I want to rescue him
I just shouted one by one.
Master Su was furious
Master Su, Su cares very much about this name.
What's so strange about that?
These two words are Su Shaoen's anti-aging
Who dares to touch it, who is unlucky
What does that mean?
Let me tell you something.
This week?
I had a daughter
That is, Susha's sister is named Sutchinyi
Her nickname is also Yiyi
But 15 years ago
Lost and never found.
That's her.
No wonder.
Mr. Zhou has been forcing Yiyi to change her name
And Mr. Zhou was there to save Young Master Su
I lost Su Tsing Yi
And they're guilty about that.
So say ah
This Su Qingyi is a thorn in their hearts
Who dares to touch who is unlucky
What's wrong with this?
Isn't the little girl in this photo
My classmate Li Hongyi?
Pardon me?